
As a part of the Front End Development team of your company, you have been assigned a new task to create a web app for a hospital that displays the medical records for patients. The features which the app should have in order to make it super successful are listed below :

1. The app should have a filter on the top which lists down all the patient names in a select dropdown

2. There should be a button title Show next to the select box. Clicking on this button should fetch the Medical Record for the selected patient through an Ajax Call.

3. The button should not work until a Valid Option (Non-Disabled) is selected. The default option selected 'Select User' should not trigger an API call.

4. Fetch the Medical Records JSON by retrieving the response from the API https://jsonmock.hackerrank.com/api/medical_records?userId=${ID} where ID is fetched from the value of the select filter mentioned above. When the data is being fetched, show the loader.

5. Hide the Loader View when the Medical Records data is fetched and is ready to be displayed

6. Add a Profile View that contains the question, the details of the Patient and a table containing the records fetched from the API.

7. Firstly in the profile view, the patient's name, Date of Birth in the format DOB: DD-MM-YYYY taken from the path userDob and the Height in the format Height: `Height` should be printed. The height of the user has to be selected from the path meta.height. Following this, the table should be added.

8. The table should have the headers: SL, Date, Diagnosis, Weight, and Doctor in the same order and the corresponding rows containing the data.

9. The headers should have the exact text with the values mentioned above. The header should be added inside the thead of the table wrapped inside a th tag.

10. The data of the table should be added only inside the tbody tag already present inside the table. The data should be wrapped inside a td tag.

11. The rows in the table should be sorted by default to show the latest records first and the oldest record in the end.

12. The column Date should have the date of the record in the format DD/MM/YYYY.

13. The column Diagnosis should have the data from the path diagnosis.name contained in it. Next to the Diagnosis Name, the Diagnosis ID should be added inside brackets. DiagnosisName(DiagnosisID)

14. The column Weight should have the data from the path meta.weight contained in it.

15. The column Doctor should have the data from the path doctor.name contained in it.